The AthleteX 2023 Retrospective:

In 2023, it was a bit slow in the first half.  Within the industry, prices collapsed (BTC < 30K), and demand dried up.  It was absolutely a crypto 'winter'.  In the second half of the year, Q3, Q4, the market slowly recovered, but with no new entrants into the market.  A lot of old projects opened their doors again, most new projects died.

A few observations:

90% of the crypto market is made up of builders and highly sophisticated software engineers.  The vast majority of crypto projects we have access to are infrastructure projects in need of marketing to acquire new customers.

The crypto native consumer audience already has many choices for speculating on sports, the biggest one being sx.bet.  It's extremely expensive to acquire a crypto-native consumer, about $500 CAC.  yikes.

The two biggest competitors to AthleteX within the crypto markets are SX.bet & Overtime Markets, which we have relationships with through The Rollup.  These projects have a majority of market share, which is still extremely small;  In 6 years, SX has earned ~ 5,000 users, which is smaller than the town of Boone NC.

The Rollup, and Rob's relationships were really great for acquiring tech infrastructure.  One big win was Kado widget, which was an on/off ramp for the exchange.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Outside of the crypto native audience, there is exceptionally strong demand for this product.  People have consistently hit me up looking to be involved.  

LinkedIn Audience:
    The LinkedIn business audience is open to this product, and I have seen demand from international venture capitalists and hedge fund managers.

    When I got on calls with business people & described the athletex project to them, vast majority of them spoke in a way that seemed like AthleteX was a guaranteed success and money printer.

    Within the sports betting / athlete stock market, none of our peers have our technology advantage.  Sidebar, after FTX I am extremely suspicious & curious to see how our competitors capitalize their markets.  There are a few others who embrace the 'athelete stock market' niche, mainly Mojo Markets & PredictionStrike.
    
    Other competitors, like PrizePicks, focus on 

Peer to Peer Audience:
    From my peer to peer conversations, there is strong athlete demand for this product.  In 2021, we spoke to a community of underserved UFC athletes about how AthleteX can solve their financing problems, and their response was 'where do i sign up'

    I've spoken to athletes in the El Paso area who have shown a strong demand for the product as well.  They ask to get involved, and speak to friends / family to share it.

    Athletes resonated the strongest with the idea that *they* can earn money from their own money pools through AthleteX.

    Customers resonated strongly with the *emotional* aspect of holding their favorite person's tokens

    Business entrepreneurs were wondering why we weren't further along, by this point in time.


What to improve for the future, based on the struggles of the past:

> Liquidity dried up very quickly

> High voalitility led to serious shock in our markets

> We never broke > 500 people, peaked at 300.  But the 10 million TAM is realistic, because as we continue to gain exposure, more of that TAM becomes servicable.

> The COGS for original APT markets were much more than revenue per product

> We could not / did not find a repeatable, scalable, and profitable process before running out of money

> Lack of standard accounting lmaoo, and we just printed money + gave so much away 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

2024 Strategic Planning

These are ideas, strategies and narratives I am certain of based on talking to customers online & in person.


AthleteX in its original form has extremely limited crypto-native & mass market appeal.  In the following section I'd like to describe a realistic and achievable product + distribution model that can scale at the current level of market sophistication.


Market:
Crypto exchange markets are at the 5th level of market sophistication; where so many different exchanges exist, segmentation comes down to identification with prospects.  Take SBF's 'I'm in crypto because of its impact for good' or coinbase's 'Update the System' ads (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R84eq4ll_B4).  Those id with millenial / Gen Z prospects very well.

For AthleteX's marketing what's stood out the most were these posts:

Level 1: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7130030140704620545/, 'First' to the sports entrepreneurs niche with DEX technology

Level 3: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kevin-kamto_github-athletex-daosports-cids-pointer-activity-7066447881020329984-hh9e , Different from other exchanges by technology

Level 5: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kevin-kamto_im-a-proud-american-and-i-believe-in-our-activity-7070790352739172352-npPj?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop , Identification with prospect as an American




Product: 
So far, the only type of product the consumer market shows mass-market demand for are cryptocurrency exchanges.  AthleteX as a product can position itself as a sports crypto exchange with an emphasis on sports & athletes.

What product consumers resonate the strongest with are sports prediction markets on AthleteX.  People want daily prediction markets on AX.  Likely we should include other crypto markets as well.



Distribution:

This is a bit unorthodox, but i believe distribution can come down to athletes.  By pitching to athletes a way for them to earn rewards & collect fees off their performance, we have a 1-to-many distribution path.  One athlete brings at least 2 of their community members, who onboard, deposit their first $50 on AX, and make their first transactions.

Let me try again:  The orthodox way to distribution, is to become famous.  This is through a pretty face + paid ads.  This method was used by Andy on The Rollup, Nick Kozmin, Russel Brunson, and actually SBF did the same thing to make himself famous.  This part is unavoidable to reach mass-market distribution; you (In this case me, Kevin Kamto) have to become the face of the organization & reach a very large amount of people relatively cheaply (adspend).




1: What are the five leves lof market Segmentation: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/explained-five-levels-market-sophistication-kobi-simmat/
